fix(otelglobal): remove linter warn when parsing status_code (#675)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

- Don't call `manager.Close()` when `Analyze()` fails. ([#638](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/638))
- Close `proc` file when done discovering PID. ([#649](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/649))
- Use `debug` packages to parse Go and modules' versions. ([#653](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/653))

> - Clean up warn in otelglobal `SetStatus()` when grabbing the status code (TODO (NOW): replace with PR info)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clean up warn in otelglobal `SetStatus()` when grabbing the status code. ([#675](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/675))
```
